# Homework 04

Your last non-React homework will be to create a web application using only HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The app must have a specific set of features. You can use any API and domain you want, but I suggest using Pokemon from the [Poke API](https://pokeapi.co/). Why? Because it has all the features you need, plus it has [CORS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) allowed.

There are 2 sets of features to implement:

## Minimal requirements

Whichever domain you choose, your homework must have these features.

1. Fetch items from your selected API. The route should return multiple items to make your life easier, e.g. https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon/
2. Display items in a list view with an image and description.
    - What's an item description? Anything really. If you are using Pokemon API, it's their name which you can get on the item list route.
    - How do I know which Pokemon image route I need to show when there are numerous options in "sprites" JSON property and I don't have this property on list item API, but on Pokemon details? Details route e.g. https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon/11/ There are 3 options to choose from:
        - fetch Pokemon details each for each Pokemon you get on your items route, immediately after fetching items
        - pick any one image route and use just that one
            - e.g. sprites -> front_default is https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/11.png (last parameter is Pokemon id .png)
            - Add a placeholder image or just alt text where your selected Pokemon doesn't have that image type
                - If you implement task 2 from extra credits, you have to fetch Pokemon details on click
                - -> Then you will know that your selected image type doesn't exitst for that Pokemon. And you can use another one from the sprites property in the JSON response.
        - make your own workaround, but be careful of edge cases
3. Item hiding. There should be some button next to each of your items which, when clicked, triggers the logic to hide the item from the list. How this feature behaves relative to refreshing the page is up to you.

## Extra credits

These are for those eager to show how good they are at building web apps with just HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

1. Add pagination. Feel free to experiment whether this means adding a "next" button and replacing the current list, adding "load more items" button to extend your existing list or implementing infinite scroll.
2. Displaying details of your items. Meaning there is some kind of "expand" logic which either works as an [Accordion](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_accordion.asp) or as a [Popover](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/popovers/).
3. Hidden items storage and restoration. Somewhere, separate from the main item list, should be a hidden items list with buttons to reverse the item hiding. Be careful how it collides with pagination if you decide to implement both features.
4. Anything else you find fitting.

Once again, how the page looks and feels is up to you, but we do take note when someone makes an effort.

Estimated duration: 5 hours - 2 days, depending how many tasks you want to complete