Your first React homework is very simple - you have to add some functionalities to (at least) two existing files "Input.jsx" and "Fetch.jsx". Both files specify inside them what the task is. If you want to make the site as pretty as you can, that's up to you. Then you'll probably want to edit `App.css` file. Or add style properties directly to HTML elements. But don't worry too much, the point of this homework is to practice useState and useEffect (+fetch).

The project was created with `yarn` and [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). When you clone this homework, position inside `05` directory and run `yarn`. That will install all packages from the internet. Once you have done that, you can run `yarn start` inside the same directory and run the app. Once the app is running, adding changes will be visible in real-time, just like in the last lesson.

When one initializes a new app using `create-react-app`, this is extra info in the console which you might find useful:

Inside that directory, you can run several commands:

  yarn start
    Starts the development server.

  yarn build
    Bundles the app into static files for production.

  yarn test
    Starts the test runner.

  yarn eject
    Removes this tool and copies build dependencies, configuration files
    and scripts into the app directory. If you do this, you can’t go back!

We suggest that you begin by typing:

  cd 05
  yarn start

Happy hacking! 

Estimated duration: 3-4 hours for minimal effort
